Love is part of a contact with my
ecology has always been focused on
environmental issues and in the sequence
my pain from theft lends itself to
cellulose for energy for those who never
charcoal it lends itself to various uses
artifacts to replace wood I
I started my idea of ​​replacing
and I came thinking about doing this
replacement with the same pliable part
just that I was not learning my
life that not all architects nor
all people are willing to do
the construction with plump wood then
hence also the desire to transform
on other products are jackets
floors and we have been working for
bamboo has become a big business for
Can we plant bamboo?
I met, let's use in Colombia with
400 years exploration are producing
still in China there are records of
bombs with two thousand years of existence
then it's one thing is infinite once
planted you never need to replant
and you can make infinite cuts a
once a year once every 18 months
can cut his hand in the same place
so this makes bamboo wood the
the fastest way and the most
sustainable
on one
all the sides almost in the
building they burn a lot
carbon off wood and we have a
zero carbon balance material
when you build something of
bamboo when you cut a bamboo treats
he does not end up ever more equal
to the one inside a piece of furniture or in the
immobile
Are you there mobilizing a carbon that
out of the atmosphere was the globe group with
the photosynthesis and then was immobilized
for a human being then you have a
the carbon cycle as opposed to the
people do today that is to get the oil
burn the oil and
playing in the atmosphere is heating the
planet climate
we alone account for 57% of the
carbon emissions is a lot to use
sustainable materials to work with
low- impact energy materials and
low carbon footprint is a
responsibility all the builder
architects of brazil
only people are waking up to
So I'm thinking about saving
energy that is important lighting
natural such a thing of ventilation
to lower the temperature all this is
very important but the materials that
deconstructs and effective hard carlos has
which also turn into 13 cents
of very concrete ash and it is very
and little has been done so that these
materials would spend less energy then
the bangu par excellence
it offers all this with the provision
Divine, people go there and cut the loin.
revolts people when he comes back
You can sequestering carbon in
infinitely we put this
wonderful graceful and wonderful stuff
grandson of the work and now we are here with
industrial projects to transform a
Way way this deck who knows
you can think of bamboo with some
specific schools and it can become a
way
within the architecture and design
the butt for many years and he
was seen as a fragile material with
problem material so i know
countless places that began to
working with bamboo to sell furniture
of cane had several
problems with the bug and the drill there
stopped working on knowledge
architects who started working with
bamboo and stopped working with the
music to fix a problem
put fire on the work the bamboo was not
properly hydrated and the goal is over
burning the movie then it's if the people
look back the use of culture
bamboo within the concessions
we will realize that bamboo is bad
seen then and when I started to work
with bamboo
the first thing I did was deal
in a scientifically appropriate manner
provided that they gave me the conditions of
construction guarantee
the Brazilian likes the bank thinks it's beautiful
only afraid like the treatment I
get the guarantee and then
guarantee getting out for the best
architects these guys are at the top of the
chain of architecture so you or all
world looks at them
as these guys are the years
are very strict and rigorous with
their work pattern are known to
that the other architects begin to
understand that it will respect the
the new players are arriving the
people are leaving college now
because they are still working in the
last years the prefecture then with the
head facing the
sustainability are not too greedy
sustainable materials are
feeling it in their souls because it is
clear to a young person here to
50 years old she will be alive and she has
start to make the transformation of the
world now